Ro - 2

radiotherapy to the right temporal brain met at a dose of 3000 cGy in
five fractions, completed November 29 2019. She is getting a little bit
of headaches as she is coming off her steroids. Maybe that is too fast
a taper at this point. The radiation has been quite recent.

6. She was treated with stereotactic radiation to a small brain lesion
with Dr. Hirmiz on July 17.

7. Temozolomide started March 29, 2018 which has since been
discontinued.

CURRENT THERAPY

1. Aredia.

2. Pantoloc.

3. Continues on T-DM1 since February 1, 2018 and continues on this at
this time.

4. Q. 3 monthly echocardiogram due in June.

5. She has an MRI of her brain booked for February 16, 2021. That
will be important in determining whether or not she has progressive
disease or not.

6. Neratinib was started in July 2020. This has been decreased to
three tablets daily at this time with reasonable tolerance.

7. Coombs negative. Hemolytic anemia likely secondary to Neratinib.
Stabilization with Prednisone which she did not like.

8. Weekly CBCs and transfusion triggers, 80.

9. We will do weekly LFTs as well, as there was a minimal elevation of

bilirubin recently.

CONCURRENT CARE

1. Dr. Laba in London, Radiation Oncology, helping with stereotactic
radiotherapy.

2. Dr. Tan recently treated her for basal cell carcinoma of the skin.
3. She also is followed closely by Dr. Hirmiz.

REVIEW OF SYSTEMS

1. She remains hemiplegic, the left side of her face and her left side
are hemiplegic. | believe she is still eating and drinking well. She
developed left shoulder pain and is on Lyrica for that. She had a
decline in performance status after coming home, they added Dilaudid
for the pain and that made her even worse but they think they have
balance now and Jason says she is clinically better over the last

couple of days.

PHYSICAL EXAMINATION

On exam today she is alert and oriented, she is hemiplegic. She has a
Slight droop in the left side of her face. Lungs are clear to
auscultation. Heart sounds are regular.

INVESTIGATIONS

1. Echocardiogram (October 11, 2017): Ejection fraction 45% to 50%
(she is followed by Dr. Glanz), and we did continue on
Pertuzumab/Trastuzumab with that, with Dr. Glanz’ recommendation.
2. MRI head (September 4, 2019): This did demonstrate a likely new
presence of a 4-mm lesion in the right temporal cortex with minimal
vasogenic edema. This lesion was not present on the prior MRI head.
She was also noted to have increased signal changes within the right
frontoparietal and parietotemporal cortex, which suggests minimal
interval disease progression.
